# packages in environment at /workspace/local/rauf/zol_development/benchmark/gator_gc_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.14               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
biopython                 1.81             py39hd1e30aa_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0            py39hf88036b_3    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.6.15            hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h3394656_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.6.15          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1           py39h15c3d72_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.0            py39h74842e3_2    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.28               hd9c7081_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.16.2               h3c4dab8_0    conda-forge
diamond                   2.1.12               h13889ed_2    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.58.5           py39h9399b63_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
gator-gc                  1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
gettext                   0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.84.2               h6287aef_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.84.2               h4833e2c_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.24.11              h651a532_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.24.11              hc37bda9_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.2.1               h3beb420_0    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.4                  hb6cb901_4    bioconda
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib-resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7            py39h74842e3_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h717163a_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.44                 h1423503_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h0aef613_1    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.25.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.25.1               h8e693c7_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
libcap                    2.75                 h39aace5_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp20.1          20.1.7          default_h1df26ce_0    conda-forge
libclang13                20.1.7          default_he06ed0a_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                hb8b1518_5    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.24                 h86f0d12_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.125              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h2dba641_1    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h48d6fc4_1    conda-forge
libgcc                    15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgcrypt-lib             1.11.1               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.25.1               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            15.1.0               h69a702a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran5              15.1.0               hcea5267_3    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.2               h3618099_0    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   15.1.0               h767d61c_3    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.55                 h3f2d84a_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h4ce23a2_1    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           20_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm20                 20.1.7               he9d0ab4_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
liblzma-devel             5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.8                  hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.5                hd0c01bc_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.25          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libopengl                 1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libopus                   1.5.2                hd0c01bc_0    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.50               h943b412_0    conda-forge
libpq                     17.5                 h27ae623_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.2                hc60ed4a_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.2               h6cd9bfd_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 15.1.0               h8f9b012_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              15.1.0               h4852527_3    conda-forge
libsystemd0               257.7                h4e0b6ca_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hf01ce69_5    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.10.0               h65c71a3_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.8               h4bc477f_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h5888daf_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.0            py39hf3d152e_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.0            py39he9076e7_2    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.32.9               hc50e24c_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                     openmpi    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_3    conda-forge
nspr                      4.36                 h5888daf_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.113                h159eef7_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.2           py39h7360e5f_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.10               he970967_0    conda-forge
openmpi                   4.1.6              hc5af2df_101    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.1                h7b32b05_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    1.5.0            py39h4661b88_0    conda-forge
patsy                     1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.45                hc749103_0    conda-forge
pillow                    11.3.0           py39h15c0740_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.8              pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11               pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pooch                     1.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
pulseaudio-client         17.0                 hac146a9_1    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pygenomeviz               0.4.4              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.11          py39h08c78a2_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.17.0          py39hf88036b_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.9.16          h2782a2a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhe01879c_2    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      7_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.15              hea1682b_4    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8c095d6_2    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.10.1           py39h6183b62_3    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.12.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.10.0           py39hf88036b_0    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.5           py39h7c0b2d6_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_hd72426e_102    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.5.1            py39h8cd3c5a_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.14.1             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              16.0.0           py39h8cd3c5a_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                h4f16b4b_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.45                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.6                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.12               h4f16b4b_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxshmfence         1.3.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-gpl-tools              5.8.1                hbcc6ac9_2    conda-forge
xz-tools                  5.8.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0           py39h8cd3c5a_2    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                hb8e6e7a_2    conda-forge
